README.md, before:

ansible-terraform-inventory
===========================

A dynamic inventory script for Ansible and Terraform.

Quickstart
----------

To use this inventory script, you must first create Terraform resources
using the [terraform-provider-ansible](https://github.com/nbering/terraform-provider-ansible)
plugin:

```hcl
resource "ansible_host" "example" {
  inventory_hostname = "example.com"
  groups = ["web"]
  vars {
    ansible_user = "admin"
  }
}

resource "ansible_group" "web" {
  inventory_group_name = "web"
  children = ["foo", "bar", "baz"]
  vars {
    foo = "bar"
    bar = 2
  }
}
```

Next, use this script as your Ansible dynamic inventory script.

If your Ansible playbooks are in a different directory than your Terraform
resources, then set the `TF_STATE` environment variable to the location
of the Terraform directory.

Installation
------------

Download the latest [release](https://github.com/jtopjian/ansible-terraform-inventory/releases).

Building From Source
--------------------

```shell
$ go get github.com/jtopjian/ansible-terraform-inventory
$ go build -o $GOPATH/bin/terraform-inventory
$ ln -s $GOPATH/bin/terraform-inventory /path/to/ansible/hosts
```

Commit message:

Terragrunt switch
Signed-off-by: Ian Allison <iana@pims.math.ca>

README.md, after:

ansible-terragrunt-inventory
===========================

A dynamic inventory script for Ansible and Terragrunt. This is a minor
modification of
[ansible-terraform-inventory](https://github.com/jtopjian/ansible-terraform-inventory)
to use terragrunt in place of terraform.

Quickstart
----------

To use this inventory script, you must first create Terraform resources
using the [terraform-provider-ansible](https://github.com/nbering/terraform-provider-ansible)
plugin:

```hcl
resource "ansible_host" "example" {
  inventory_hostname = "example.com"
  groups = ["web"]
  vars {
    ansible_user = "admin"
  }
}

resource "ansible_group" "web" {
  inventory_group_name = "web"
  children = ["foo", "bar", "baz"]
  vars {
    foo = "bar"
    bar = 2
  }
}
```

Next, use this script as your Ansible dynamic inventory script.

Set the TF_STATE environment variable to the directory which would
contain the terraform.tfstate if the state was held locally.

Installation
------------

Download the latest [release](https://github.com/pimsmath/ansible-terragrunt-inventory/releases).

Building From Source
--------------------

```shell
$ go get github.com/pimsmath/ansible-terragrunt-inventory
$ go build -o $GOPATH/bin/terraform-inventory
$ ln -s $GOPATH/bin/terraform-inventory /path/to/ansible/hosts
```
